README.md, before:

# Dependency Graph - Units of Innovation -- Analysis

## Setup

### Installing Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

(or with [just](https://github.com/casey/just): `just install`)

## Downloading Data

The easiest mechanism we have for sharing the data is via GDrive:
[link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14b6KyQqVB4ToqhIavfhssVr8QFrp2QY6?usp=sharing)

### With Just

The data management can be handled for you with:
`just unpack-data <path-to-downloaded-file>`

For example:

`just unpack-data ~/Downloads/per-day-pkg-releases-metrics.tar.gz`

### Manually

Untar the downloaded file and place the data in the `data` directory.

```
data
└── per-day-pkg-releases-metrics
    ├── 2020-02-07.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-08.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-09.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-10.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-11.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-12.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-13.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-14.parquet
    ├── 2020-02-15.parquet
    ...
```

## Development

You can lint and format your notebooks via [just](https://github.com/casey/just):

```
Available recipes:
    clean               # clean all generated build, python, and lint files
    default             # list all available commands
    install             # install with all deps
    lint                # lint, format, and check all files
    unpack-archive file # unpack dataset archive
```

Commit message:

Updates before I no longer have GitHub internal access

README.md, after:

# Dependency Graph - Units of Innovation -- Analysis

## Setup

### Installing Dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

(or with [just](https://github.com/casey/just): `just install`)

## Downloading Data

After installing the required dependencies, you can download each dataset with: 
`python download.py <dataset-name>`

For example: `python download.py per-day-pkg-releases-metrics-one-year`

This will create an `archives` directory with the downloaded archive file
and a `data` directory with the extracted data.

All of the notebooks are configured to look for the correct
set of data files in the `data` directory by default so you should not need to
change any of the data reading configuration in the notebooks.

### Available Datasets

- `per-day-pkg-releases-metrics-one-year`
- `per-day-pkg-releases-metrics-two-year`
- `per-day-pkg-releases-metrics-six-months`
- `per-day-release-content-metrics-one-year-rated`

## Development

You can lint and format your notebooks via [just](https://github.com/casey/just):

```
Available recipes:
    clean   # clean all generated build, python, and lint files
    default # list all available commands
    install # install with all deps
    lint    # lint, format, and check all files
```
